[Music]
run the developers who created one of
the best fighting games of all time
then hit everything they could to ruin
it comes the franchise that taught kids
all they know about human anatomy and
absolutely nothing about spelling Mortal
Kombat experience all nine of the core
captivating combats aah can we get those
changed to C's thanks
there's the bloody arcade sensation that
started it all including the ESRB rating
system the sequel that was better in
every way an avalanche of turds that
almost bankrupted the company a
franchise saving reboot and a game we'll
all agree to never speak of again test
your might in the Mortal Kombat
tournament where you'll face off against
non mortals like a centaur a four-armed
dragon monster and a literal God choose
your combatant from a vast selection of
not so original characters featuring one
loosely revolve three different cogs
three identical Asian chicks four
interchangeable cyborgs and seven
palette swap two ninja man try to follow
the series convoluted story about evil
sorcerers trying to conquer the earth
realm which for some reason always comes
down to a one-on-one Martial Arts
Tournament it's actually a pretty humane
way to settle war if you think about it
choose your way to victory in these
ultra violent street fighters for
dummies then finish off your opponent
with the ultimate humiliation by turning
them into a baby putting them in the
friend zone or ending their pathetic
life with a fatality that is if you can
just get the damn move right oh come on
what the hell is jump distance anyway
break up your epic quest to slaughter
your enemies and save all of humanity
with cute little mini games like bored
Kombat Mortal pong bat and Mario Kart
bat whee
so prepare for the fighting game
sensation that took America by storm
spawning one great 90s movie one
horrible 90s movie you're live too bad
you will die and the best 90s dance
track ever oh man this is like the laser
tag national anthem starring whoa the
last Mohican butter face Jack
Skellington Miley Cyrus paul blart mall
cop the hot teacher from Philly Madison
the one with the boobs
Channing Tatum odd job hand job boob job
let it go let it go and Barack Obama
Mortal Kombat did you know the first
Mortal Kombat was supposed to be a Jean
Claude Van Damme game then when he
backed out they turned him into Johnny
Cage man that would have been cooler
than Shaq foo
[Music]
you